If I were an enzyme, I’d be DNA helicase so I could unzip your genes.
You look sweeter than 3.14.
You must be the square root of negative 1 because there is no way that you can be real.
According to the second law of thermodynamics, you’re supposed to share your hotness with me.
Do you have 11 protons? Because you are sodium fine.
I’m hung like a Foucault pendulum.
I could really see myself periodically doing you on a table.
I know hundreds of Pi digits, but what I really want to know is the 7 digits of your phone number.
If I were a virus, I would infect you with my love.
You must be a fossil because I would love to date you.
If I could make my own periodic table then you would be number one.
My favorite element on the periodic table is Uranium because I am in love with U.
If you go out with me, I promise I won’t take you for granite.
I bet you’re like calcium bicarbonate — if I get you wet, the reaction will be explosive!
Are you sure we haven’t had a class together before? I could have sworn that we had chemistry together.
You must be a red blood cell because you take the oxygen out of my lungs and bring it right to my heart.
Even the Kelvin scale could not possibly measure how hot I think you are.
If my right leg is the cell wall and my left the membrane, do you want to be the cytoplasm?
You’re like an exothermic reaction, you spread your hotness everywhere.
I am a chemist. Do you want to let me experiment with you?
You can call me Bond, Covalent Bond.
I might be into physics, but I can assure you that I will never be a Bohr in the bedroom.
Can I be the phasor to your electron and take you to an excited state?
Out of all the curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
You seem to be traveling at the speed of light because time always seems to stop when I look at you.
You’re hotter than a bunsen burner set to full power.
Do you want to help me prove that the Big Bang isn’t just a theory?
Are you made of Copper and Tellurium? Because you are Cu-Te
You must be the acid to my litmus paper because every time I meet you I turn bright red.
You’re sweeter than fructose.
You raise my dopamine levels.
Let’s exchange genetic information.
Want to test the spring constant of my mattress?
If there was no gravity on this planet, I would still fall for you.
Hey baby, want to form a zygote?
Scientists have recently discovered a rare new element called Beautium. It looks like you are made of it.
You are the HCl to my NaOH. With our sweet love we could make an ocean together.
Are you a compound of Beryllium and Barium? Because you’re a total BaBe.
Could you tell me the oxidation state of this atom and your phone number?
Hey baby, would a little more alcohol catalyze this reaction?
I wish your name was Avogadro, because then I would already know your number.
I didn’t plan on specializing, but you seem pretty special to me.
If I said you had a monoclonal antibody, would you hold it against me?
I’m a chemist. Give me a squeeze and see what kind of reaction you get.
What’s your sine?
Does your eye hurt? Cause you've been looking right all day.
Can I follow you? Cause my mom told me follow my dreams.
I am a chemist. Want to get together and see the reaction?
You must be copper because I always CU in my dreams.
You are like an electron and I am like a proton. And they say that opposites attract.
You must have a charge because I am finding myself feeling very attracted to you.
I'm not Google but, I'm everything you're searching for.
Didn’t you know that chemists do it periodically on the table?
I would love to find your integral and get under those curves of yours.
To me, you’re hydrogen because you are my number 1.
I would love to stick to you like glu-cose.
Everyone knows its not the size of the vector that matters, but the way the force is delivered.
Are you into chemistry? Because I LAB you.
We fit together like the sticky ends of recombinant DNA.
You must have swallowed a magnet because I am so attracted to you right now.
Are you full of Beryllium, Gold and Titanium? Because you are Be-Au-Ti-Ful.
If you were an element, you’d be Francium, because you’re the most attractive.
How about we slip between my beta-pleated sheets and you get to know my alpha-helix?
You are so hot, you must be what is causing global warming.
Your angles must be less than 90 degrees, because I think that you are so acute.
I was wondering if you like science because I have had my ion you for some time.
My favorite attractive force is van der Waal’s force. Can you feel it? I’ll move closer if you can’t.
Is your ass the f5 key? Cause your ass is refreshing.
Is it getting hot in here? Or is it just our bond forming?
You are hotter than magma.
Did you damage my cerebellum? Because I’m falling all over the place for you.
When I see you, I feel like I am going to reach my melting point.
I don’t know why, but my instinct is telling me that we Argon get together.
Let’s be lab partners together. Do you want me to put my stirring rod in your beaker?
Do you want to work with me to convert our potential energy into kinetic energy?
Me and you would undergo a more energetic reaction then Potassium and water.
Do you want to be my lab partner? I think we could have some great chemistry together.
Are you my appendix? Because I don’t understand how you work but this feeling in my stomach makes me want to take you out.
You must be from the cosmos because your body is heavenly.
Are you a non-volatile particle? Because you raise my boiling point.
You must be hydrogen because I am really feeling like there is a bond here.
I wish that I could rearrange the periodic table so that I could have Uranium and Iodine next to each other.
You must be the square root of two because I’m irrational around you.
You must have been born in an open cluster because you shine as if you were a young star.
Blood is red. Cyanosis is blue. I get tachycardia when I think of you.
I wish I was your coronary artery so that I could be wrapped around your heart.
If we were like chromosomes, you’d be my homologous pair.
You must be halite because you have perfect cleavage.
You must be mitochondria because you are the powerhouse of my heart.
Do you want to share some electrons? Maybe we could have a stable relationship.
I think that you just lost an electron because you are positively attractive.
You must be oxygen and neon because I think that you are the One for me.
Are you made of Nickel, Cerium, Arsenic and Sulfur? Because you’ve got a NiCe AsS!
How about me and you go back to my place and form a covalent bond?
Your clothes look great on you, but they would look even better accelerating towards the floor at 9.8 m/s.
I feel an attraction between the two of us that is more than just our physical gravitation.
You and I have such great chemistry together, let’s try to do some biology together too.
If I was an endoplasmic reticulum, how would you want me: smooth or rough?
I wish I were Adenine because then I could get paired with U.
You are more than free to Hubble my telescope any time you like.
Are you made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon? ‘Cause you are F-I-Ne.
You must be a pile of dinosaur bones, because I dig you.
Do you like aerobic respiration as much as I do?
Does your skin feel burnt? Because I think you must have just fallen down from heaven, and re-entry would have caused some problems for you.
Are you an alpha carbon, because you look susceptible to backside attack!
How do you feel about group experiments?
I must be a diamond now, because you just gave me a hardness of 10
I’m attracted to you like the Earth is attracted to the Sun – with a large force inversely proportional to the distance squared.
Baby, I’m like an oceanic plate on a gravity slide – I can’t wait to subduct beneath your crust!
If you were a concentration gradient I’d go down on you.
If you were a laser, you’d be set on stunning.
In my bed, it’s perpetual motion all night long
Like the ideal vacuum, you’re the only thing in my universe.
Right now we’re just two RNA, but maybe we could transcribe together and become DNA.
The direction fields of my heart all point to you
Top quark or bottom quark?
What do you say we use my lever to shift your center of mass?
You’re more special than relativity.
You give me more jolt than a mitochondria.
We can make a mess as I’ve hired some lysosomes to clean up after.
Heisenberg was wrong. I’m certain about what you’re doing tonight.
Is your mom a bee? Cause she did a good job producing all that honey.
Is your dad a baker? Cause you're a cutie pie.
Are you CSPickupLines? Because I'm too intimidated to commit to you.
Are you recursive? Because I’ll do you over and over again.
I am a pointer to you because my D gets pointy as hell.
Hey girl, I just reduced this matrix and all I see is a linear dependency between me and you.
We should be an infinite while loop so we never have to break.
Are you the main branch? Cause I wanna push a child into you.
I just row reduced a matrix and all I can see is a dependency between you and me.
I think I'm a malloc function, cuz I'm always ready to make memories with you
Are you vim? Cuz I can't pull out of you
Are you an iteration? Because I want to be in the next step of your life
Are you a functor? Cause I wanna apply myself to ur interior.
Are you a function? Cause I wanna bind with IO to make you impure.
Are you a Mutex? Cause I wanna lock you and access your contents.
Are you JavaScript? Cause ur fucking stupid.
Are you an exception? Because I want to catch you
If I stuck your beauty into an integer it would definetly overflow. We would need like, a big integer for that.
Are you a Mutex? Cause I want exclusive access to you.
Do you require a standard library? Cause I wanna use you with #[no_std]
Hey baby, there's an OverflowException in my pants, care to handle it for me?
Baby, you make my floppy disk turn into a hard drive
Baby, you're the only accept state of my finite automaton
So for this English paper, I need to write about the finer things in life. Mind if I interview you?
I wish I was cross eyed, so that I can see you twice
Have you had a raisin before? Yea? Okay, what about a date?
I'd intern at your place every weekend
It would be dishonest to say I only want to be academic with you
Baby if you were github, I would commit to pushing my branch into you every day
Are you a write-back cache? Because you're a bit dirty
6 is the first big number, 7 is smaller than 6, 8 is the same as 7, 10 is pretty big
I know you are not an engineer or someone that repairs phone but my phone feels empty can you please fill it with your number 

have you ever heard of the phrase skin like milk ? well milk is white and your skin is bright if you hold my hands I promise not to leave your sight 

sorry does the Wi-Fi here works I am trying to figure out the password to the Wi-Fi but now I am interested in the password to unlock your smile

do you know of any jewelry stores here? so if precious diamonds and gold can be found in jewelry stores then I am wondering what you are doing outside 

while talking just use this " I don't know your parents but please can you let them know I'm a great fan of their work" 

do you sometimes feel tired of being an adult? well you can be my baby 

hello I think there is something stuck on your face , oh sorry  don't mind me I'm just trying to stay at your face a little longer

could you help me with the word that rhymes with tech ? how about spec because that's what you are

hey I would really love to call you gorgeous but I can't right now.   because for me to call you I would have to have your number first

sorry I seem to have a problem with my phone brightness I'm trying to brighten up your day but I think your smile will be brighter. 

today's not the first day of the month but when are we going to go on our first date 

do you drive? I'd say you're lying cause Your beauty is driving me crazy 

sorry what number comes after 8 . 9 ? well you can be mine i don't mind. 

did you go near fire recently ? because you look hot

hey how are you an art student ? because you look like a work of art.

are you on Instagram? can I have your @ because you just stole my heart 

hey sorry I'm running a quick survey and I just want to ask you a quick question like between sugar and Honey which one is sweeter. then which one would you like me to call you, Hello honey 

do you know where I can buy fuel  ? actually I know fuel is scarce right now but with your stunning beauty I think I found my fuel 

hey do you know a colour that goes with pink and blue ?  what about me and you

hey sorry are you from edo because  since I saw you you've been in my head oh

please what's name of this drink? 5alive . oh I would love to have you in my life

hey please my phone is dead can you tell me what the time is? oh I just want to remember the exact time I met someone this beautiful

sorry are you a chef, or do you bake? because you look like a snack 

sorry do you have a pen or pencil because I want to erase your past and write our future together

Baby if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
Let me be a chicken nugget and take a dip in your sauce.
Now what's on the menu? Me-n-u
Omelette you in on a secret. You and I would brie perfectly gouda.
Can I double stuff your Oreo?
I do not fancy wines, I prefer moans.
I like my women like I like my doughnuts - HOT and HOLY!
Do you like Alphabet soup? Cause you gonna be choking on the D
I like my women like I like my ice cream, fat free and dripping down my fingers.
Do you like Krispy Kreme? Cause I wanna glaze your donut.
Do you like hot dogs girl? Cause I'd like to put my weiner between those buns
I want you more than a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
You must work at subway, because you’re giving me a foot long.
Can I hit you in the face... with my lips?
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.
When I first saw you, I knew we could win the Stanley Cup in tonsil hockey.
My name isn't Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to. Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you. You must be a ninja, because you snuck into my heart. I need a dollar, but I only have 90 cents... do you want to be my dime? [Look at her shirt label.] When they say, "What are you doing?" You respond: "Yep! Made in heaven!" Be unique and different, say yes. Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I'm lost at sea. You know how they say skin is the largest organ on the human body? Not in my case.
My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?
They say dating is a numbers game... so can I get your number?
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
(Ask a person for the time) 9:15? So today is May 1, 2008, at 9:15 PM, thanks I just wanted to be able to remember the exact moment that I met the woman of my dreams.
Pinch me. [Why?] You're so fine I must be dreaming.
If I had to choose between breathing or loving you, I would say "I love you" with my last breath!
Ouch! My tooth hurts! [Why?] Because you are soooo sweet!
I'm not trying to impress you or anything, but... I'm Batman!
You must be from Pearl Harbor, because baby, you're the bomb.
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.
Do you know karate? Because your body is really kickin'.
You must be a high test score, because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.
I’m learning about important dates in history class. Wanna be one of them?
I hear they banned you from school lunches for being so sweet.
I need some answers for my math homework. Quick. What’s your number?
Are you a Snickers bar? Cause you satisfy me.
Is your last name Campbell? Cause you're "mmmm... good!"
You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life! Baby, you are so fine I could put you on a plate and sop you up with a biscuit.
Is there a rainbow today? Because I just found the treasure I've been searching for!
You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!
Hey, is it just me, or are we destined to be married?
Hello. Are you taking any applications for a boy/girlfriend?
I have an "owie" on my lip. Will you kiss it and make it better?
Let's make like a fabric softener and 'Snuggle.'
Hi, my name is Doug. That's "god" spelled backward with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.
If I could reach out and hold a star for every time you've made me smile, I'd hold the sky in the palm of my hand.
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
(Put your fingers on the other's nipples) Hey, here's (name), comin' at you with the weather. Can I be your warm front?
How much does a polar bear weigh? [How much?] Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm (insert name here).
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right? [NO!] Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?
When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part.
Hey baby. You got a jersey? [A jersey?...Why?] Because I need your name and number.
You’re so cute it’s distracting!
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick 'Do you come here often?', 'What's your sign?', or 'Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
(hold out hand) Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?
This time next year let’s be laughing together.
Is your last name Whitman, because I want to sample you.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
Hey baby, I must be a light switch, 'cause every time I see you, you turn me on!
Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaam!
I hope your day has been as beautiful as you are.
Is your father Little Caesar? Cause you look Hot 'n Ready.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
I could use some spare change and you're a dime. I'm no mathematician, but I'm pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, give me yours and watch what I can do with it. Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you. Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it? Hey, don't I know you? Yeah, you're the girl with the beautiful smile.
Is your father a mechanic? Because you’ve got a finely tuned body!
I have had a really bad day, and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile. So, would you smile for me? I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away! I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness. I think I can die happy now because I've just seen a piece of heaven. Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living? I sneezed because God blessed me with you. Is it hot in here or is it just you? Nice to meet you, I'm (your name), and you are... gorgeous! I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!
Was your dad king for a day? He must have been to make a princess like you.
Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.
Were your parents Greek Gods, 'cause it takes two gods to make a goddess.
What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room? What's that on your face? Oh, it must just be beauty. Here, let me get it off. Hey, it's not coming off!
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle! You are the reason men fall in love. You know the more I drink, the prettier you get! You know, I would die happy if I saw you naked just once! You better call Life Alert, 'cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up. You're single. I'm single. Coincidence? I think not. You know, you might be asked to leave soon. You're making the other women look really bad. You look like my third wife. [how many times have you been married?] Twice. You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae. You should be someone's wife. Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot. Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside? I want to be your teardrop, so I could be born in your eyes, live on your cheeks, and die on your lips.
I know where they give out free drinks... it’s a place called “My House”!
I can't think of anyone else I’d rather survive a Zombie Apocalypse with.
Babe! You look so fine I could drink your bath water! If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I would be walking through my garden forever. Girl, if I were a fly, I'd be all over you, because you're the shit! Hey, how did you do that? (What?) Look so good? Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track. If you stood in front of a mirror and held up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world. You are so beautiful that I would marry your brother just to get into your family. You look like a cool glass of refreshing water, and I am the thirstiest man in the world. Are you a tamale? 'Cause you're hot. You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine. Do you bleach your teeth? 'Cause your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark. Let's go prove it. Your ass is so nice that it is a shame that you have to sit on it. Someone should call the police because you just stole my heart! Stop, drop, and roll, baby. You are on fire. Baby, you're so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole. Come live in my heart, and pay no rent. You're hotter than Papa Bear's porridge. I hope there's a fire truck nearby, cause you're smokin'! If it weren't for that DAMNED sun, you'd be the hottest thing ever created.
How is your fever? [What fever?] Oh... you just look hot to me.
Tonight this Han doesn’t want to fly Solo.
I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.
(Walk up to someone and bite them anywhere) Sorry, taking a bite out of crime. [WHAT?] Well, it has to be illegal to look that good! You are a 9 - you'd be a perfect 10 if you were with me.
Excuse me, I'd like to have kids someday, and I wanted to know how your parents created such a beautiful creature.
You’re my favorite weakness.
You're so hot, I bet you could light a candle at 10 paces. I can't believe I've been here the entire evening with all these beautiful people, and the moment I find 'The One,' all I have time to say is "goodbye."
Hey baby, you've got something on your butt - my eyes!
This isn't a beer belly, it's a fuel tank for a love machine.
Baby, you make palms sweaty, knees weak, arms spaghetti.
If I was an octopus, all my 3 hearts would beat for you.
Guess what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me!
I don't know you, but I think I love you already.
Here's the key to my house, my car... and my heart.
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together. (tulips = two lips) Is your name Summer? 'Cause you are as hot as hell. If I had to choose between one night with you or winning the lottery...I would choose winning the lottery...but it would be close...real close... Do you have any sunscreen? 'Cause you are burning me up!
See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.
You're hotter than donut grease.
Your eyes are as blue as window cleaner. Was that an earthquake, or did you just rock my world? If you were a burger at McDonald's, you'd be McGorgeous. Are your parents retarded, 'cause you sure are special. If you could put a price tag on beauty, you'd be worth more than Fort Knox. I must be dancing with the devil because you're hot as hell. Are you the moon? Because even when it's dark, you still seem to shine.
Roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when I’m around you.
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I’m around you, all I do is blush.
I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.
How much does it cost to date you? Cause damn, you look expensive!
If you were a steak, you would be well done. It's dark in here. Wait! It's because all of the light is shining on you. Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you. Do you have any raisins? [No] How about a date?
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Is your name Katrina? [No, why?] 'Cuz baby, you rock me like a hurricane! Can you pull this heart-shaped arrow out of my butt? A damn little kid with wings shot me.
On The Phone
She/He says: "Hold on"
You say: "Sorry, I can't hold on... I've already fallen for you."
Is your body from McDonald's? Cause I'm lovin' it! Are you a microwave oven? Cause you melt my heart. Did you get your license suspended for driving so many guys crazy? Are you a girl scout, cause you tie my heart in knots. You're so hot, I could bake cookies on you. You look beautiful today, just like every other day. Let's play Winnie the Pooh and get my nose stuck in your honey jar.
When I'm older, I'll look back at all of my crowning memories, and I'll think of the day my children were born, the day I got married, and the day that I met you. If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.
Is your car battery dead? Because I'd like to jump you.
I'm lost. Can you tell me which road leads to your heart?
Where do you hide your wings?
Is your name Mickey? Because you’re so FINE!
Are you made of grapes? Cause you’re fine as wine.
For a moment, I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me.
Forget about Spiderman, Superman, and Batman. I'll be your man.
There isn't a word in the dictionary for how good you look.
Girl, you’re like Mastercard - absolutely priceless.
Fascinating. I've been looking at your eyes all night long, 'cause I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.
You're the only girl I love now... but in ten years, I'll love another girl. She'll call you 'Mommy.'
My doctor says I'm lacking Vitamin U.
I tried my best not to feel anything for you. Guess what? I failed.
Hey, don't frown. You never know who could be falling in love with your smile.
Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more.
Excuse me, but does this smell like chloroform to you?
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
Can I have directions? [To where?] To your heart.
I'm sorry, I don't think we've met. I wouldn't forget a pretty face like that.
Your body is 65% water and I'm thirsty.
There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.
Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Do you have a name or can I just call you mine?
With my IQ and your body, we could make a race of superchildren and conquer the earth!
I will stop loving you when an apple grows from a mango tree on the 30th of February.
If I were a stoplight, I'd turn red every time you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
Let's make like the Olympic rings and hook up later.
Your body is a wonderland, and I'd like to be Alice.
It's a good thing I wore gloves today. Otherwise, you'd be too hot to handle. Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.
Good boys deserve more than just fudge.
Girl, you give me a tromboner.
Save a drum, bang a drummer.
This reed isn't the only thing I can get wet.
That's a nice set of mallets you have.
Damn girl, you're lookin' sharp!
I'd love to strum your g-string.
I just lost my job and may be Baroque, but that doesn't mean I can't show you a good time.
Perhaps you and your friend would like to play a trio with me?
The pads on my MPC2000XL aren't the only thing I'll be banging tonight.
My embouchure is good for more than just playing the trumpet, if you know what I mean.
I bet that flute isn't the only thing you know how to blow.
Slow down, girl, you're giving me a woodwind.
You wanna grease my slide?
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
I bet we'd get into some serious Treble together.
Call me AC/DC, because I'm gonna rock you all night long!
The Proclaimers would walk 500 miles to "come back home to you," but I'll do you one better. I'll sit through an entire Nickelback concert.
Let's play a love game. I'll be Alejandro, you be Lady Gaga, and I'll let you take a ride on my disco stick.
Composers always score.
Can I do your Systems Analysis?
Are you a piece of carbon? Because I would love to date you.
Let's take each other to the limit to see if we converge.
I'd like to demonstrate with you simple harmonic motion.
The volume of a generalized cylinder has been known for thousands of years, but you won't know the volume of mine until tonight.
Why don't we measure the coefficient of static friction between me and you?
Isn't your e-mail address beautifulgirl@mydreams.com?
Can I see your blueprints? I want to lay some pipe in you and need to know that you're structurally sound enough to do so.
That dress would look even better accelerating towards my bedroom floor at 9.8 m/s^2.
I like the area bounded by your two curves.
Girl, when I see that body of yours, it creates stress on my heart and strain on my "beam."
Has anyone ever called you FAT? They were dead-wrong! You are NTFS, obviously.
Hey Baby, wanna come back to my lab and work with my microprocessor?
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function.
Life without you is like dereferencing a NULL pointer.
Let’s face it. I’m hot, you’re hot, and we both know you got a crush on me.
Be unique and different, just say yes.
Girl, I hope you have a license, cause you’re driving me crazy.
I'm gay, but you might just turn me straight.
You must be from Tennessee! Because you’re the only TEN I see!
Is that a tic-tac in your blouse, or are you just glad to see me?
Hey, somebody farted. Let's get out of here!
You've got the whitest teeth I have ever seen!
Are you Swedish? Because you're the sweetish girl I've met!
I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by you.
Are those space pants? Because your butt is out of this world!
If beauty were measured in seconds, you'd be an hour!
Hey honey, I got money!
My name is Peter Pan because I can take you to Never Never Land.
What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?
If you ever need to get rid of a trojan, don't hesitate to call me!
You're making me feel like I have something in common with these pop-up ads.
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account? [What?] I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
I need to hop over to Facebook for a second to change my status to smitten.
What do you say we play a game of "Words With More Than Friends"?
Roses are #ff0000, violets are #0000ff, all my base are belong to you.
Need me to unzip your files?
Are your pants a compressed file? Because I'd love to unzip them!
I googled your name earlier... I clicked on 'I'm Feeling Lucky.'
How about we go home, and you handle my exception?
If we were connected on LinkedIn, I'd endorse you all night long.
I wish you were Broadband, so I could get high-speed access.
Girl, you are hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
I'd ask if you come here often, but I already stalk you on FourSquare.
Can I do a penetration test on your back door?
Can you put a Trojan on my Hard Drive?
Hey girl, can you sit on my laptop?
Can I stick my flash drive in your USB port?
Computer techs have skilled fingers if you know what I mean.
Please see our huge collection of Cheesy Pick Up Lines!
I'm sorry I didn't get you chocolates for Valentine's Day, but if you want something sweet I'm right here.
Once you go cupid, the rest are just stupid!
Baby, you’re so sweet you’d put Hershey's out of business!
I bought you 12 roses for Valentine's Day - 11 real and 1 fake. I will love you until all of them die and wilt away.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I tell Cupid to shoot you with that arrow one more time?
Hello, Cupid called... he says to tell you that he needs my heart back.
You break my heart into 15 unique, chewable pieces... just like a Whitman's Sampler.
Going on a date with me is WAY better than eating a bag of those weird, chalky heart candies with sayings on them.
The only sweet thing I want for Valentine's Day is a cutie pie like you!
Can I have a kiss on the cheek? I want to be able to say a gorgeous girl kissed me on Valentine's Day.
Be mine because you're fine.
Do you like cats? Because I'd like you to take "meowt" for Valentine's Day.
I'll be your "alentine" for now, you'll need to give me the "V" after dinner.
I was going to get you a box of chocolates, but you already have a sweeter box.
When I look at you, I see more stars than the cast list in that Valentine's Day movie.
If you were a camel, I'd hump you!
Wanna go on a picnic? Alpaca lunch.
Are you a unicorn? Because you’re my fantasy.
Are you a termite? Cause you're about to have a mouth full of wood.
Do you have pet insurance? Because I'm going to destroy your pussy.
I'll have the chicken breast, hold the chicken.
Baby, you're like a championship bass. I don't know whether to mount you or eat you!
It's hunting season and fox like you shouldn’t be out in the open!
If you were a farmer I would let you choke my chicken
Have you ever milked a cow before? cause your gonna need a bucket for this too.
Life's a jungle - let's go to your place and bang like animals!
If I were a dog would you help me bury my bone?
Are you the SAT? Cause I’d do you for 3 hours and 45 minutes, with a ten minute break in the middle for snacks.
What’s a smart, attractive, young man like myself doing without your number?
Want to come over to my place and watch porn on my flat screen mirror?
Do you mix concrete for a living? Because you're making me hard.
Judging by your hair, you seem like a girl who likes to do anal.
Do you like Nintendo? Cause Wii would look good together.
Sit on my face and I’ll eat my way to your heart.
You’re the type of girl I’d let sit on my face for a long period of time.
What are the chances I see you naked tonight?
If I were a watermelon, would you spit or swallow my seeds?
On a scale of 1 to America, how free are you tonight?
You’re coming over tonight to watch Game of Thrones and make out.
YOU. NUMBER. NOW.
Before I hit on you, do you have a problem with large genitalia?
Did you grow up on a chicken farm? 'Cause you sure know how to raise a cock. 
I could’ve called heaven and asked for an angel, but I was hoping you’re a slut instead.
You wanna know what's beautiful? Read the first word again.
Be unique and different, say yes.
I'm no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
You’re not a vegan, are you? Because I’d love to meat you.
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.
Are you African? Because you're a frican babe.
Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.
Do you like Pizza Hut? Cause I'll stuff your crust.
Are you from China? Cause I'm China get in your pants.
Are you Jewish? Cause the way you're looking at me, I'm beginning to think Jewish this dick was in your mouth.
That's a nice shirt. Can I try it on after we have sex?
I would absolutely love to swap bodily fluids with you.
Is your name Daisy? Because I have a sudden urge to plant you right here!
Do you like Mexican food? Cause I want to wrap you in my arms and make you my BAE-RITTO.
Are you made out of grapes? Because you are fine as wine!
If you were a flower you’d be a damnnn-delion
Blue eyes, red lips, pale face. So pretty. You look like the flag of France.
My mattress is a little hard. Would you like to help me break it in?
Is there a rainbow today? I just found the treasure I’ve been searching for!
I'm a freelance gynecologist. How long has it been since your last checkup?
If you look that good in clothes, you must look even better out of them.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
If beauty were time, you'd be eternity
Is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
Since distance equals velocity times time, let's let velocity and time approach infinity, because I want to go all the way with you.
Hey Aladdin, is that a lamp in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Hey Jasmine, Does the magic carpet match the drapes?
Hi, I'm Andy. Wanna play with my Woody?
I can make any fairy moan... All I need to do is Tink'er'bell.
Hey Cinderella let's see if this fits!
Can you feel the love tonight?
I'll make you want to spend more time in bed with me than Sleeping, Beauty.
Honestly, I just wanna get The Sword in the Stone!
Hi my name is Mickey, and there is nothing Minnie about me!
I’ll bippity bop you, girl!
Minnie, want to see my polka dot bed sheets?
You can call me Nemo, because I'm gonna \"touch the butt
Forget Aladdin, I'm thinking bout Jasmine's carpet.
Things are much better down where it's wetter.


